README.md, before:

# Unexpected Keyboard Users Layouts

This repository contains layouts for [Unexpected Keyboard](https://github.com/Julow/Unexpected-Keyboard) maintained by users.

## Use a layout from this repository

Copy and paste the content of an `xml` file present in this repository into the "Custom Layout" option in the settings.

## Share your layout

Layouts are sorted by flavors (like `qwerty`, `dvorak`, etc..). New flavors can be created as long as they have a name.

If your layout is inspired by QWERTY, write it to `qwerty/<your name>.xml` and open a PR.

Feel free to open other PRs over time to improve your layouts.

## Making your own layout

Layouts are written in XML. See [QWERTY](https://github.com/Julow/Unexpected-Keyboard/blob/master/res/xml/latn_qwerty_us.xml) or [Dvorak](https://github.com/Julow/Unexpected-Keyboard/blob/master/res/xml/latn_dvorak.xml) as an example.

If your layout correspond an existing standard and might be used by anyone, consider adding it to the app. See the app's [contribution guideline](https://github.com/Julow/Unexpected-Keyboard/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#guidelines)

Commit message:

Reword README
Add a link to Lixquid's layout editor.
Fix a few typos and other improvements.

README.md, after:

# Unexpected Keyboard User Layouts

This repository contains user maintained layouts for [Unexpected Keyboard](https://github.com/Julow/Unexpected-Keyboard).

## Using a layout from this repository

Copy and paste the contents of an `xml` file present in this repository into the "Custom Layout" option in the preferences.

## Sharing your layout

Layouts are sorted by flavors (such as `qwerty`, `dvorak`, etc..). New flavors can be created as long as they have a name.

If your layout is inspired by QWERTY, write it in `qwerty/<your name>.xml` and open a PR.

Feel free to open more PRs over time to improve your layouts.

## Making your own layout

You can use the excellent [layout editor](https://unexpected-keyboard-layout-editor.lixquid.com) maintained by @Lixquid or edit the XML files.

Feel free to take code from the layouts already in the app, for example [QWERTY](https://github.com/Julow/Unexpected-Keyboard/blob/master/res/xml/latn_qwerty_us.xml) and [Dvorak](https://github.com/Julow/Unexpected-Keyboard/blob/master/res/xml/latn_dvorak.xml).

If your layout is inspired by an existing standard and could be used by anyone, consider adding it to the app. See the app's [contribution guideline](https://github.com/Julow/Unexpected-Keyboard/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#guidelines)
